Helga I will come back in this video.
We will learn how to get all the categories that we just created.
Let's fill in in the get method scores go to View studio.
Let's go back to your main address and in here let's fill in on was response next.
And I didn't really want to search for every single inch fine.
And then you went over to
see
finally.
So
fine it's a function by mongoose to find all the documents in the database that have specific or similar
attributes.
In our case we just wanted a database to return all the category documents.
Hence why we did not put anything in a bracket.
We didn't do anything here.
Then we responded to Kerry's object in Jason format.
So let's go ahead and test this out.
So is good to our postman and let's change this to cat instead.
So successful and change to get Senate and it chose only one.
We doubt any name.
There's a reason why.
If you go to posts with the body and it's supposed to be category
not name because he would go to hear Post actually request a body category.
So go here and send it again.
And good to get.
And if you get again now chose another one called cats.
So if you want to believe this so you have to go back to LA
again.
And loggin
I wasn't aware of the Kishin category's and you want to remove the first one.
If you want to go back to Boseman go ahead and get it.
No way I'll ever have one which is name name caps.
So let's go do one more posts.
Choose books because we didn't see if you care enough
successful.
Go ahead and get.
So now we have cats and books category's.
Congratulation guy in his video will learn how to get all the documents in the category schema in the
next review.
We will create a new schema which we will call product schema.
Or see us in the next video.